Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
VO: Here we stand.
on the shoulders of giants.
These are our words
and our sacred charge.
Greatness is the foundation of our world.
Greatness let us survive
centuries of strife.
Tame the world to our will.
and spread across the stars
at the speed of light.
That same greatness may be in you.
Now it's time to find out.
Your Academies have nominated you
for your ambition.
your drive. your potential for greatness.
It's time to prove yourself worthy
in the Sol Invictus games...
You and your team will
be cast across the stars
to a pre-selected planet.
Your mission is a race against time
and a triumph of will.
You are to set up camp
establish a foothold for your Academy
and use all the tools at your disposal.
You are to search the sky and pinpoint
out of all the stars in the sky
which is Earth's sun: Sol.
But be warned: only one team can win
and each Academy has sent their best
and brightest to compete against you.
Your team Captain will lead you.
Your Astronomer will search the skies.
And your team must form a cohesive unit
to have any hope of victory.
We're strong together. broken apart.
Eternal glory awaits the winner.
Use all the tools and wits you have
to prove your greatness.
But move quickly.
Only the victorious team may return home.
The cosmos are dark and dangerous.
There's no room for mediocrity.
Return a champion or not at all.
Winning is the only rule.
VO: Welcome to Sol Invictus...
We have to turn it off!
What about the rest of them?
They haven't made it out yet!
Leave 'em! The Slip Gate's gonna collapse!
I can fix this!
Take this!
They're still inside!
Look out!
That's all I can do!
Clear out! Run!
Okay listen up.
Something must have happened to the gate.
The rest of our teams haven't come through.
Am I the only Team Captain?
Eli?
What are you doing here?
I came out.
With Virgo Academy.
Is anyone here a Team Engineer?
What's your name?
Ira. From Aries Academy.
Come with me.
The rest of my team.
they hadn't come through yet!
My brother was with them.
Mine too. Listen to me. Ira.
Can you get the rest of my team through?
I don't know.
I've never worked a Slip Gate before.
They don't teach us how.
I need you to try. Try hard.
I still have a competition to win.
I think...
I think it's broken on our end.
Hey!
Pick it up.
What?
You're a Team Chronicle.
You need to record this!
There's nothing to record.
My team didn't make it through.
There's enough of my team to compete.
We need a Chronicle to prove our win.
You're one of us now. shrimp.
My name's Kit!
Kyle Ian Troy.
Well now you're a Gemini. Kit.
Now pick it up!
Lee?
What about the rest of them?
Leave 'em.
They're just dead weight.
A lot of our team didn't make it through.
We could use the extra hands.
The rest of you. you're coming with us.
You're all from Gemini now.
I'm not on your team.
Why should I follow you?
Your teammates aren't coming.
Face it.
Come with us and you may
get credit as part of our team.
Don't want to be one of us? Then stay.
You can be our competition...
Your call.
This isn't right.
The games are supposed
to be on a forest world.
Make sure to include
that in your Chronicle.
Judges won't believe this
unless they see proof.
Maybe we'll get a special
honor for winning out here.
Do you think this happened
to the girl's Games too?
We'd have heard wouldn't we?
If we're going to find Sol
first we need to set up.
learn the area.
Scouts. this way. Scour the place.
Find anything that might be useful.
I know you!
You're the guy that won last year.
You won Sol Invictus!
But... You were disqualified weren't you?
That's right! You were DQ'd for cheating.
Must have been embarrassing
to have that taken away.
I'd watch what I was saying
if I didn't have my team here
to back me up...
Maybe you should.
You two. you know each other?
We used to.
What class are you?
Astronomer.
I'm Eli from Virgo.
We've already got an Astronomer.
Lee. should we drop this one?
What about you?
Me?
You're scouts now.
Find everything you can about this place.
But we don't have weapons.
What if it's dangerous?
Then you'll be the first to know.
Strength in numbers. right?
Rest of you scouts. let's move out!
I want camp set up before sunset!
We've got a lot of stars to search through.
This could go on for miles.
And I think the air is thinner out here.
They're not going to send
any search parties.
They don't send help.
But we're on the wrong planet.
Won't they come looking?
You sure they know something's wrong?
Did you hear that? Listen...
Eli. wait!
An ocean?!
I've never seen a real one before...
How much do you think
this is worth back home?
Hard to tell.
It could go on forever.
But it's fresh water that they need.
What should we do about the Geminis?
Should we run?
Then what?
Don't say that to me!
What do you mean there's no food?
You're the Chef.
It's your job to make sure everyone is fed!
I know that.
It's just: all our food
was with the Porters.
I've got a few essentials but nothing else.
There's not enough for everyone...
Kit! What are you doing?!
Record this!
We have to go!
If we get to water maybe they can't swim!
I'm not going out there!
If we get to the ocean we might make it!
We can't make it!
You made it! How?
Spent the night in a tree.
Those - whatever they are - hunters
lost interest in me a few hours ago.
Took the rest and left.
It's still running!
Maybe we can see... what happened.
No one should see what those things do.
Just the four of us?
We're all that made it?
What are you doing?!
You can't just leave.
Look what staying in a group
got the rest of them.
I'm going solo.
I got to camp first so this stuff is mine.
That's not fair you were
the first to run too!
This stuff is mine!
You want to prove it. shrimp?
My name is Kit!
Keep quiet!
We're not splitting up.
If the Geminis can put
together a team so can we.
They didn't know about
the Hunters but now we do.
We don't even have half a team.
You know the rules...
There's still a team
as long as there's a Captain.
I know the rules.
You're an Astronomer.
I don't have to listen to you.
Don't listen to me then.
Listen to Tyl.
He's the only Team Captain now.
What are you doing!?
I want as many eyes watching
my back as possible.
The best chance we have
is if we stick together. right?
Yeah but-
Then you have to force them into a team!
But I'm not a Captain!
You are now.
So start acting like it.
The games are over!
There's gotta be someone
here with a communicator.
I'm calling home.
If someone was out here
we'd have seen them.
We're alone.
Then what are we supposed to do?
We still have a telescope.
We followed the Geminis because
they were supposed to win
and get us picked up.
We'll just do the same.
And those Hunters?
We'll stick to the shore
so we can see them coming.
Maybe they can't swim.
Scorpius team is still out there...
They'll finish what those Hunters started.
I'm safer hiding on my own.
Do me a favor and stay away from me.
Just because we're in this together
doesn't mean we're a team.
I'm only following you
because you have the scope.
I don't think so...
Tyl. the lens is cracked.
What?!
See? Crack runs the whole length.
Great! You couldn't spot shit with that!
Now what. Team Captain!?
Rescue party!
Do you see anything!?
Guys?
We're not alone out here...
What do you mean?
See for yourself.
Doesn't look like a rescue party.
Should we talk to him?
I don't know.
I've heard stories about
strange people off-world.
What's he doing here?
Whatever you do. you better hurry.
Where are you from!?
Scorpius? Virgo? Corona?
I'm not from any of those!
Did you kill somebody who was
and take his gear?
It's nothing like that!
I'll be the judge of that!
You don't know what you're doing!
Let go of me!
You can't trust the other Academies!
I know! But he's not from an Academy.
How'd you get here?
I was late for the start so
they just sent me through.
Did they say anything about
trouble with the Gates?!
No it was business as usual. Why?
Do you have a communicator?
My teammates have all that.
Where's my team?
They didn't make it.
You can be sad later.
We need to find a way home.
Do you have any equipment we can use?
It was all broken when I got here
so I dropped it.
Where did you leave it?
There was nothing worthwhile left.
I'm positive.
We'll be the judge of that.
There it is.
That's close enough!
Where's the rest of your team?
I hid.
The rest didn't.
But it looks like my fortunes have turned.
Step back.
How'd you get a gun through the Gate?
Made it with his stuff.
That's all the valuables the half-wit left.
Gate must have ruined the rest.
But you seem like a guy
with a lot more to give.
What do you want?
Your telescope for starters.
Mine needs some parts
and you're gonna give them to me.
Is this all in your party?
You got a camp nearby?
You're gonna give me all your belongings
and I'll consider letting
you live to be rescued.
We're dead without our stuff
and you know it.
Not my problem.
No. You can't have it.
Show me your camp or I can just
kill you and find it myself!
He's a kid!
He'll just die on his own anyway.
You need parts and so do we.
Does your telescope have a lens?
Put it in ours and we can work together.
We can all go home tonight.
Tell your friend to come over.
You didn't bring a tent
but you brought that?
It helps me when I'm nervous.
Tyl. you're Team Captain.
You get first try.
Let me show you how it's done!
There it is.
What?!
This thing is broken!
You rigged it!
Would we really rig it to cheat ourselves?
We can't do this without
the rest of our teams.
We need their equipment.
What else can we do? We have to try.
I have no idea where Sol is. Do you?
Why can't you just find it?
We have no tools!
No idea where we are
and no idea where our sun is hiding!
You're so smart?
Find it yourself.
Can I sleep in here?
Come on. Kit.
We need to rest.
Come on Kit. we'll look again tomorrow.
Do you think rescue ships
will scout this area soon?
I don't think they know anything's wrong.
Even if they did
it could take months for them to find us.
Maybe years...
We'll just have to survive
long enough to win.
They put us in teams
for the best chance of survival.
We're gonna keep doing it that way.
Hal. you're a cook right?
It's you're job to make sure we can eat.
But there's nothing out there!
I can't work like this!
None of us should have to.
We all have to pickup duties
we didn't want.
Adrian. you're offense?
Find anything you can out here.
Especially water...
I'm Security against other teams.
That makes me second in command.
You can't reassign me.
All the other teams are dead.
You're a Scout now.
Lex. you're a Technician.
Kit. you're a Chronicle?
Keep recording.
If we do get back you're the only one
that can prove we didn't cheat.
We're all a team now.
Gone...
It's all gone.
There has to be good water somewhere.
We just have to find it.
What are we supposed to do till then?
Stop sweating?
I can't keep going on like this.
He's got water!
What?
There! In his jacket!
I don't have any water!
If I did I wouldn't share it with you...
His lips are wet.
You think I've got water?
Try and take it.
See what happens.
Howard. wait!
Don't drink that!
You're gonna make it worse!
It's fresh...
Fresh! It's fresh!
Fresh water!
Can you imagine what
this is worth back home?
They could stop drilling the moon.
And Europa...
This could change everything!
How could they have missed this?
The Gate must have been built
before the oceans dried.
They weren't looking.
Lex!
Hold him down!
Kit! Water now!
Kit. come on!
What happened?
I don't know. I don't know...
I was just trying to find Sol
and the damn thing shocked me!
Nice job putting it together.
You trying to kill me?!
What's this for?
Part of the scope is open.
You were trying to cheat!
You tried tricking it
to think you found Sol!
But scopes are tamper proof!
Yeah it shocked him in defense!
Does it still work!?
Yeah.
We should throw him out.
Before he pulls something like this again.
Lex?
Do it! I dare you!
You need me as much as I need your stuff.
That's what I thought.
Thanks for the water!
You're not letting him get
away with that are you?
You have to kick him out!
I'm not doing that!
What if he cheats again. or does worse?
What will you do?
Maybe we'll need his help! I don't know-
What do you know?!
Have you ever led anyone?
How long have you even been a Team Captain?
No.
You can't handle this.
Look for a clearing.
Any opening big enough to gather logs.
But we have a light.
we don't need to build a fire.
Not for that!
Then what?
We're not making a fire. kid.
It's for a boat.
Why?
We're leaving.
Do you really want to stay
with those Hunters?
What if this is the only land?
You'd rather wait here to be eaten?
Look...
This can't be the only land.
Someone's gotta be out there.
And we can find 'em.
And contact home.
Now go.
Find logs. Get good ones.
I can't hold on!
Lex!
I'm slipping!
Somebody help me!
Anybody!
Help!
Hang on!
It's gonna pull us in too!
Help!
Tyl. help us!
We need your help! Hurry!
I think he's poisoned.
It's killing him.
What do we do?!
Right here!
The med-pack!
Here!
The venom's bad.
I don't know if he'll make it!
Here. you clean the wound!
Where's the sting kit!?
I'm looking!
Oh no. It's broken!
Are there more?
Hurry!
This is our last one.
Wait! We gotta save it.
What?!
What if one of us gets stung?
He's right.
Use it now and you won't
have one for yourself later.
But he's hurt now!
Use it. Tyl!
Think there could be
more of those things. Lex?
If we're stuck here
it's not long till we find out.
We're not going to
make it out of here are we?
How long will this last?
They're coming!
I'm not staying here. Not again!
Me neither!
He'll bring the Hunters right to us!
Leave him!
Someone has to stay and keep him quiet
or they'll find him for sure!
Eli's the only one that
doesn't do his job anymore.
He's least essential.
Hey! I-
I record. Hal cooks. Lex fixes things
and Tyl saves people.
Have you found Sol yet?
No but I try every night!
He's right. Eli.
You're the least important.
Stay here with Adrian.
Okay...
Lex. is that gun still in your pack?
No. stay out of my pack!
Leave it! No time!
There! At our camp.
What are you doing?
If they go after Eli then
they won't come after us.
You tried to kill me!
Don't pity yourself too much.
You look fine...
Whatever you did to chase them off worked.
I didn't do anything!
Something kept them away...
The light!
What?
Maybe they're afraid of it.
We have only seen them at night.
Maybe the light hurts them.
Burns them.
Do you think it's just the lantern?
I don't know.
But it's not gonna last forever...
As long as there are people on this island
there will be a fire...
Are we sure this will work?
Will fire really keep them away?
I don't know.
When will we know!?
When the Hunters come and eat us or not!
We should get some rest.
I can't sleep like this.
Me neither.
Where's Lex?
Who cares.
We're almost out of wood.
Who's coming with?
I can't go back out there.
Guess you were right about the light.
What? What happened?!
We found something!
I've never seen one before but...
I think it's a Stormrunner!
Can't be! That would mean it's
over two hundred years old...
Where's the rest of it?
It's still intact!
What is?
The computer core. it's still functional!
But the control element's gone.
Without that it's useless.
Just needs a jump-start huh?
This is a waste of our time. Tyl.
I didn't bring you here for nostalgia.
I need help carrying something.
What are we supposed to do with this junk?!
Look how old it is!
That's not junk you're looking at.
There's a Trans-Conduit relay in there.
You sure?
Checked it myself. Still works.
I know what you're thinking.
But if we screw this up
it could ruin the telescope.
Isn't it worth the risk?
This was a Hyperion ship...
If the Hyperions couldn't survive here
how are we supposed to?
A Trans-Conduit relay lets any computer
connect to the network
that links every system.
If we hook it to the scope
we might be able to
send a message back to Earth.
Let me do it.
It's not that simple.
Overload the conductor and
the whole thing's cooked!
That's why I'm doing it...
How long will it take to contact home?
It's not as easy as calling mom and dad...
Connecting with Terra-Net only lets us
transmit messages to individual addresses.
If a message actually makes it...
They'll have to record their own reply
and hope it finds its way
back to the scope.
Which it won't.
If someone responds
we can triangulate our position
and have them send help.
Here we go...
Did you break it?
Can we fix it?
It's fine. I just need my splicer.
Where is it?
My pack. I'll get it.
No you keep working on it. Howard?
What are you doing with that?!
Shut your goddamn mouth!
What's the matter?
Day 1: Assessed Slip Gate.
Unable to establish return portal
for more than three seconds.
Replaced coupler. No improvement.
Day 8: Gemini telescope battery
unable to jump-start Gate.
Day 20: Energy source to power Gate
needs to be larger.
Day 30: Found crashed ship.
Should be able to salvage parts
to stabilize Gate.
He has been sneaking off
and working on the Slip Gate all this time!
Can you fix it?
No.
We don't have the parts.
Why didn't you tell us?
Because he didn't
want to bring us with him!
He was going to leave us here
so that he can go home
and win the games on his own.
I would have sent help when I got back!
You've been lying to us this whole time!
How do you know so much
about Slip Gates. Lex?
Nobody's allowed to learn how they work-
You did this. didn't you?
Didn't you!?
You sabotaged the Slip Gate network...
You rigged it so we'd be stuck
on this backwater planet
with no chance of winning.
But you did too good of a job.
Your team crashed the network so bad
that it sucked everyone in.
You fell into your own trap.
Is he right?
Tell us!
Why'd you do it!?
Because I have to win!
If I don't bring back that Hyperion coin...
You wouldn't understand.
I had to do it!
Everything that's happened...
Everything!
It's all your fault.
That night with the Hunters
you tried killing me to hide the journal.
Instead I saved you!
Where would we be if we didn't
learn what light can do?!
And the rest?
This is Sol Invictus.
Winning's the only rule.
They should have known
what they were getting in to.
Wrap it however you want.
If you hadn't done that. we'd be home now!
And innocent people would still be alive.
I feel sorry for you.
What are we gonna do with him?
Can't trust him anymore.
Before you do anything rash.
afraid I need him over here.
The relay's almost done.
Go.
The signal's too weak.
That's as good as we're gonna get.
That won't get the messages
half way to Earth!
Then we'll try anyway!
This is Lex of Scorpius
to anyone at command.
Hi. Mom and Dad...
By now you've probably heard from school.
We've no idea where we are.
Nobody does.
My assignment
did more than we could have imagined.
Trapping me on the same
unknown planet as the rest of them.
Why did I come out here?
Was I wrong about all this?
Everything I did.
I did for the mission.
Please respond.
Please...
Say anything.
I'll win.
One way or the other.
I can't wait to get home.
I love you guys.
See you soon.
Say anything...
I just want to hear from you.
Let's send these things!
Enter the address here.
This is it!
That's it?
What were you expecting.
an instant response?
It could take hours
for them to reach everyone.
Then leave it on all night.
I want to know the instant we get a reply!
I wonder what it looks like from up there.
From all those other fires.
Want to check yours?
That's enough.
Time to turn it off.
Wait!
I want to know when they hear from me.
If we leave it on any longer
we'll kill the battery.
No!
Wait! I want to hear back!
Turn it off or we're really screwed!
Give it to me!
Let it go!
Give it to me.
So you're gonna shoot me now!?
Give me the gun. Kit!
No!
Kit. give me the gun!
Kit!
Give me the gun!
No!
What'd you do!?
It was an accident!
I- I didn't...
What have you done?!
Eli. please just hold still.
Just give me a second!
Eli!
Of course it was his fault!
Okay! You're right. But...
He didn't mean to-
He feels even worse about it than you do.
You can't make him sleep outside forever.
You got us into this mess.
it's your job to get us out.
You're in charge now.
Time to stop waiting.
No way...
Message received?
Message received?!
Message received!
We got one! We got a reply!
Somebody sent a response!
Somebody heard from us!?
Tyl. somebody sent a reply!
Eli VO: Hi. Mom and Dad.
We haven't received a response.
It's one of our own messages
bounced back to us.
It didn't even make it out of the system.
No one received any messages.
No one ever will!
I can't believe we thought
this thing would work.
Wait a second!
Just one of the messages bounced back.
Others could still make it through!
But if you break the telescope
we'll never know!
To think I let you
get my hopes up. Hal.
You couldn't even check the message.
You just started dancing
around like a fat fool!
You broke my gun.
We lost our food because of you!
How could anybody be so stupid
and yet still be alive?!
You've gotta be the most hapless oaf
I've ever seen in my life!
Stop it! Hal. stop!
I shouldn't be here.
I want to go home.
I want to go home!
None of this was supposed to happen...
What was I thinking?
We can't build a boat!
Haven't you seen what's out there?
We'd never make it!
We're trapped!
It's our only option.
Would you rather die here
or trying to find help?!
There's no one out there to help us!
It's up to us to make it back!
You put me in charge. remember?
Or do you think you can do better?
Tyl might listen to you. but I'm not.
I'm not going out there!
I'm not making a boat!
Then you can live on your own.
If you're not working
I'm kicking you out of my camp!
This wouldn't be such a problem
if you hadn't murdered our only Astronomer!
Hey!
You look like shit.
What's going on?
Here that long. huh?
Any more ideas how we got here?
No.
There is
one other option.
Every year the Board of Governors
sends out a judge in each team to observe.
No one ever knows about it.
The judges pick a contestant
from every team.
make sure they can trust him.
and assign him to report back on the games.
Sometimes I bet they even rig it.
How'd you find this out?
I talked it out of someone last year.
Now.
No one can come home till someone's won.
These judges do it all the time.
Pop home to report then slip right back.
Say they'd gone to
the bathroom or something.
I know how to contact the Gate Ops.
Tell 'em you're a student judge.
and they'll bring you home.
If you were right
I would have heard about it.
How can we believe you?
Because Shrimp.
that's how I got home first.
That's how I cheated.
I told the Slip Gate Operators
that I was a judge.
When I came out I raised my scope
and said I'd found Sol.
The Gate Ops don't talk but
the judges figured it out.
There's no way to contact home
or I'd have done it.
There's one.
That Hyperion ship
still has a working core.
Your scope is programmed for the Gate Ops.
If you run it through the ship
it'll let you call for a pick-up.
No.
The control element's missing.
We'd never find it out here.
You knew a way home
and you didn't tell us?
What were you waiting for?!
When they realize we cheated
they'll come after us
with everything they have.
We'd be better off staying here.
You made it back...
It took
everything my family had to get me back in.
I'd never do it again either.
If not for all this.
But look at all that's happened.
Wouldn't they understand?
Believe me.
they won't care.
If you try and explain beforehand
you'll just blow your cover.
Is it really that bad?
When you stand before them
and see your entire future slipping away.
Remember how you felt today.
Cause whoever gives them their name
that's the one they'll come after worst.
He's done.
We'll do it.
No.
No we won't.
I'm in charge now remember?
I just want to go home.
More than anything.
I'm sorry. I am.
I want to go home too
but there's another way
off this planet and I'm gonna find it.
You can't have the scope. I'm sorry.
Wait. Lex-
No!
Where's the scope?!
It's gone!
Could he have gone to look for Sol?
We gotta find him!
He could be anywhere by now. How can we-
Quiet!
Listen.
Your camera's still connected to it.
I see something.
Hal? Hal?
Hal. what's going on!?
I'm taking the scope.
I won't let your ruin this. I'm going home!
But we need the scope.
You can't just take it!
You know we'll never find Sol!
But at least if I call home
we can finally leave.
What about us?
Somebody has to take the fall!
Don't we get a say in it?!
I'm sorry.
but I don't care about the tournament.
I can live with the consequences.
my family needs me home.
You wouldn't understand.
It's easy for you to talk big
when you're the one
running with our telescope!
What would you know?
I'm doing it to help someone.
You guys have never thought
about anybody but yourselves!
No...
Hal! Do you have a light?
You need to get back to camp. Hurry!
I think I hear something.
Where are you. Hal?
I'm in the forest.
That's their forest.
That's where they live!
Listen! Hide.
We're coming for you right now.
Hal. run!
You had your chance!
You don't know what you're doing!
Why should we trust you now?
Because I know what to do.
I'm getting us home.
It's Tyl's team.
I'm with him.
If I do this.
do you promise you'll get us home?
I promise.
It's not safe to split up.
We'll just have to comb the whole forest.
No point delaying the inevitable.
It's quiet here.
I don't like it.
There it is.
Let's make a break for it.
Wait.
Whatever did this could still be here.
The telescope!
Is it okay?!
It's fine!
But look...
I think-
I think they took Hal down there.
Can you see anything?
There are tunnels inside.
Long ones...
I can't see the ends.
It must be where they go during the day.
There could be a whole world down there.
Even bigger than the island.
Then let's keep it down there.
This is the only way out.
Are you sure?
Unless those things can fly.
Do you think it'll be able to stop 'em?
I don't know.
Stop! Listen!
They're not coming!
It worked.
It works!
Are we sure it'll last all night?
I hope.
We'll have to keep the fire going.
I'll take tomorrow.
Then Lex. Then you. Kit.
We'll keep them trapped forever.
I wonder if they'll start to eat each other
when they realize they're never leaving.
Are you sure you're ready?
Then let's go home.
The core's still intact.
All we need is the control element.
No.
Not like this.
I can't go home like that.
It's time to go home!
Tyl. that's not gonna work.
Main power's offline.
Then what can we do?
I can do it.
Let me try.
One wrong wire
and he could fry the whole computer.
If he ever wanted to
screw us over it would be now.
Can you get it to work?
No!
I'm sorry but how can we trust him?
Because.
He's better than that.
Fix it.
Slip Gate Operator: Come in.
this is Slip Gate Control.
Hello?
Gate Op: Who's this? Identify yourself.
I'm a student judge in the
Sol Invictus games.
Requesting immediate transit back to Earth
for a report.
Gate Op: Sol Invictus? That was weeks ago.
We thought you were all dead.
We're not.
Not yet.
Gate Op: I don't believe it.
We need to get you back for debrief.
What's your name?
My name?
Gate Op: Every portal needs
a record on file
for who authorized it.
Especially student judges.
Give me your name.
Kit. Kit of Capricorn.
I take full responsibility.
I need a portal back to Earth immediately.
The Gate here was damaged.
I can't get a portal up.
I need you to open one on your end.
We can still activate one from Earth.
All I need is your planet code.
Give it to me and we'll
have you home by nightfall.
Can't you tell me where I am?
We don't know where you landed.
Now we can open a portal
but only if we know which one to use.
Without that there's
no way to get you home.
Then open all the Gates in the system!
Do you have any idea how many that is?
The resources that would waste?!
You know we can't do that.
What about a rescue party?
Can you send anyone?
We can't.
You could be in any corner of the galaxy.
What are you saying?
You know what I'm saying.
If we don't know what planet you're on.
there's nothing we can do.
I know this is hard to hear
but you're not coming home.
I'm sorry.
Gate Control out...
We got so close...
Now we're even further
than when we started.
How could this have happened to us?
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
We're never going home.
What is home?
This isn't.
It could never be.
The fire's almost out.
Maybe you should put some wood on it.
What's the point?
Where are you going?
Does it even matter anymore?!
My name is Tyl of Libra.
The date?
I don't even know.
If you found this telescope then you're
probably stranded here too.
If that's the case.
then I'm sorry.
My only advice is-
No...
Message VO: Eli?
Eli. I just saw your message.
Where are you? What happened?
We're so worried.
Your father and I
have been trying to find you
and no one will tell us anything.
They just said there was an accident
with the Slip Gates.
We thought you were lost...
I am so glad you're okay!
We'll never give up on finding you.
Even if we have to search
every planet ourselves.
We will find you.
I'll see you soon. son.
I love you.
What do you want me to do?
I don't know what to tell her!
If I send a response...
Wait...
Send a response!
Trace that message!
Point of origin.
Ignore!
You're all the way over there?
Oh come on!
Not yet you're not! Come on!
There you are...
Wait.
If you're Sol...
You can be my reference point!
Triangulate position.
Point of reference.
Using that star.
As Sol...
Cygnus B-7.
Cygnus B-7!
Gate Op: Gate Control.
Come in this is Gate Control.
I'm a Sol contestant!
I need immediate transit-
Gate Op: Kid. I'm sorry.
But unless you've got a planet code
I've got nothing else-
Cygnus B-7!
We're on Cygnus B-7!
Gate Op: Cygnus B-7...
Cygnus B-7?!
You're all the way out there!?
That's an H Class planet.
Unsafe for human habitation!
How did you-
Never mind! Listen!
Get to the Slip Gate as fast as you can.
I just sent through the activation command.
A portal will be up soon.
Wait! You gotta delay it!
I have to find my friends first!
That gate's not stable
enough to hold for long!
A few minutes tops
and it's gonna collapse for good!
Come home now while you still can!
Take Adrian and get to the Slip Gate!
What about you?!
I gotta find Lex!
We don't have any time! You go ahead!
No! We're all going home!
Give him to me!
Go!
Let's go! Hurry!
Did you hear that?
Don't worry about it!
They do that every night
when they're burned by the fire!
Should be ready in a few minutes!
Wait!
That one didn't come from the forest.
How did they-
Kit! You didn't-
I'm sorry!
I didn't think we'd make it.
It's not gonna form in time!
If we run we might
be able to get away from them!
The portal's gonna collapse!
It can't re-open after this!
We can try and fix it
later but right now we have to-
Run!
No!
We're not running anymore!
You're going home.
What?!
No we can't leave you!
I'll buy you some time.
Take Adrian with you.
Take Adrian!
Take it!
Go home.
What are you doing. Tyl?!
Have you even thought about this?!
Go home. guys.
VO: Here we stand.
on the shoulders of giants.
These are our words.
And our sacred charge.
Greatness is the foundation of our world.
Greatness let us survive
centuries of strife.
Tame the physical world to our will.
And spread across the stars
at the speed of light.
That same greatness may be in you.
Now. it's time to find out...
Welcome to Sol Invictus...